# US5001
=======================================

# 1. Requirements

#### Description:

> As Project Manager, I want that the team start developing the input communication module of the AGV digital twin to accept requests from the "AGVManager".

###### Acceptance Criteria:

> It must be used the provided application protocol (SPOMS2022). It is suggested the adoptiong of concurrent mechanisms (e.g. threads) and state sharing between these mechanisms. In this sprint, for demonstration purposes, it is acceptable to mock processing some of the incoming requests to foster some output communication.

### Project Clarifications:

* > Concerning AGVs, during this project, there is the aim of developing an AGV digital twin in two consecutive phases:
  > First, at an initial phase, it is only necessary to address the interactions regarding tasks acceptance and its completion by mocking somehow the process of picking up products and moving through the warehouse. 
  > Further, at a later phase, there is the aim to evolve the digital twin to address (by simulation) the challenges (e.g.: avoiding obstacles) brought by having several AGVs moving simultaneously in the warehouse.

  
* > An application, called “AGV Digital Twin” able to mimic the general behavior of a real AGV. Among
  other things, it should (i) accept tasks to collect a set of products, (ii) report task completion, and
  (iii) simulate being moving through the warehouse to pick up products.

* > It is foreseen that multiple instances of the “AGV Digital Twin” are running simultaneously (but with
  distinct configurations) to simulate the existence of several AGVs on the warehouse.
  
* > This section presents some tips/guidelines for the AGV Digital Twin development, namely its
  decomposition in several sub-components/modules. Accordingly, at least seven distinct modules are
  being foreseen:
  <br><br>
  > Communications: responsible for receiving/sending information from/to other external
  components such as the “AGV Manager” (cf. Figure 2). For instance, it can receive the warehouse
  plant, the location of the other AGVs as well as the command to pick-up some product(s). On other
  hand, it can send information about its current location, status and so on.
  <br><br>
  > Control Unit: responsible for processing/executing the received commands, keeping the AGV
  internal information (e.g.: its position, detected obstacles, battery status) updated and inform
  (through the communications module) the “AGV Manager” about its global status.
  <br><br>
  > Simulation Engine: responsible for knowing the warehouse plant and the current location of all
  AGVs and based on that, transmit information to the AGV sensors at, for instance, every 100 ms.
  <br><br>
  > Sensor: receives information from the “Simulation Engine” and emits obstacles alerts to the other
  modules. For instance, emits “1” if an obstacle is detected at one square distance and, therefore,
  indicates that AGV should stop; emits “2” if an obstacle is detected at two squares distance and,
  therefore, indicates the AGV should reduce its speed; and emits “0” for obstacles detected at
  three or more squares distance and, therefore, indicates the AGV can keep going. Typically, an
  AGV has, at least, 8 sensors (visualizing an AVG as a rectangle, it has two sensors at each corner).
  Each sensors emits signals considering its position on the AGV.
  <br><br>
  > Positioning: responsible for calculating the new AGV position in the warehouse based on the AGV
  (i) speed, (ii) direction, (iii) last position and (iv) current route. Reads/updates information from/on
  the “Control Unit” module. Speed might be expressed in squares per second.
  <br><br>
  > Route Planner: responsible for (re)computing routes based on a source and target location on the
  warehouse considering the warehouse plant only. It is worth noticing that AGV can only move
  horizontally or vertically.
  <br><br>
  > Battery Management: responsible for monitoring the battery status and simulating battery
  consumption and recharge according to the AGV status. For instance, when the AGV is moving
  battery consumption might be computed based on the travelled distance, but when the AGV is
  waiting/stopped on its dock battery consumption might be computed based on time.

  
### Client Clarifications:

* > **Q:** What type of communication do you want, i.e., what are the communications that you want to have between these two. Like AGV Manager says "Take a product" and AGV Digital Twin says "Taken"? Is it something like that? Or am i confused?
  <br><br>
  > **A:**
  > The communication must follow the SPOMS2022 protocol.
  > It is up to you and your team to devise a set of messages fulfilling the business requirements properly.
  > <br>[Link to forum](https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=16593#p21287)

* > **Q:** Regarding the USs 1901,4001, 5001, and 5002, what would you consider its complete state, that is, what would be the criterion to define whether or not this US is functional?
  <br><br>
  > **A:**
  > For all of those US, the communication between the two involved components must be implemented in accordance with the SPOMS2022. The requests processing can be somehow mocked. For instance, if processing a request implies saving some data to the database, the component can instead write such data to a log (mocking). Latter, on next sprint, the teams implement the interaction to the database.
  > However, it is not advisable mocking everything, namely the components (internal) state. Notice that by mocking you are letting extra effort to the next sprint.
  > Finally, all US must be demonstrable.
  > <br>[Link to forum](https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=16437#p21096)

# 2. Analysis

## 2.1 SPOMS Conventions

|   Field    | Offset | Length |                                                                                                                                                         Description                                                                                                                                                          |
|:----------:|:------:|:------:|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
|  Version   |   0    |   1    |                                                                          SPOMSP message format version. This field is a single byte and should be interpreted as an unsigned integer (0 to 255). The present message format version number is one.                                                                           |
|    Code    |   1    |   1    |                                                                                                      This field identifies the type of request or response. It should be interpreted as an unsigned integer (0 to 255).                                                                                                      |
| D_LENGTH_1 |   2    |   1    | These two fields are used to specify the length in bytes of the DATA field. Both these fields are to be interpreted as unsigned integer numbers (0 to 255). The length of the DATA field is to be calculated as follows: D_LENGTH_1 + 256 x D_LENGTH_2. The length of the DATA field may be zero, meaning it does not exist. |
| D_LENGTH_2 |   3    |   1    | These two fields are used to specify the length in bytes of the DATA field. Both these fields are to be interpreted as unsigned integer numbers (0 to 255). The length of the DATA field is to be calculated as follows: D_LENGTH_1 + 256 x D_LENGTH_2. The length of the DATA field may be zero, meaning it does not exist. |
|    DATA    |   4    |   -    |                                                                                                                         Contains data to meet the specific needs of the participating applications.                                                                                                                          |

## 2.2 SPOMSP Message Codes

| Code | Meaning                                                                                                                                                                                                |
|:----:|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|  0   | COMMTEST - Communications test request with no other effect on the server application than the response with a code two message (ACK). This request has no data.                                       |
|  1   | DISCONN - End of session request. The server is supposed to respond with a code two message, afterwards both applications are expected to close the session (TCP connection). This request has no data |
|  2   | ACK - Generic acknowledgment message. Used in response to requests with codes zero and one but may be used for other requests. This response has no data.                                              |
****
