# US2002
=======================================

# 1. Requirements

#### Description:

> As Warehouse Employee, I want to configure the AGVs available on the warehouse.

### Client Clarifications:

#### Customer

* > **Q:** What should the default autonomy when creating an AGV be?
  >
  >**A:**
  > <br>There is no default value. The user must type the AGV autonomy in minutes according to the manufacture specifications.
  >
  >**Q:** Should  a list of warehouses be shown for the AGV to be assigned or should the AGV be automatically assigned to the warehouse where the warehouse employee works?
  >
  >**A:**
  > <br>There is only one warehouse.
  >
  > **Q:** Could you specify the business rules associated with the identifier, short description, and model of the AGVS?
  >
  >**A:**
  > <br>You should apply general validation rules such as:

  > identifier: not empty alphanumeric code with at 8 chars maximum;

  > short description: not empty having 30 chars maximum;

  > model: not empty having 50 chars maximum;

  > For other necessary attributes, you should follow common-sense.
>
> **Q:** :Are the current tasks provided(free, charging, occupied serving a given order) fixed, or more could be added?
>
>**A:**
> <br>I would not called it task but, instead, AGV status.

> Besides those status I can foresee another status: in maintenance.

> If you find out more AGV status useful, you might adopt them and further explain/argue about their pertinence.
> <br>[Link to forum](https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=15961#p20518)

