# US1004
=======================================

# 1. Requirements

#### Description:

> As Sales Clerk, I want to create a new products order on behalf of a given customer.

### Client Clarifications:

* > **Q:** When a sales clerk creates a new order for a given customer, does the customer need to be registered in the system?
  <br><br>
  > **A:**
  > Most of the times, the customer is already registered. However, it might happen (s)he is not registered. In such case, the customer is registered on that moment using US1003.
  > <br>[Link to forum](https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=15962#p20492)

* > **Q:** How will the customer pay for the order placed by the clerk. Will receive a notification?
  <br><br>
  > **A:**
  > For now, you may assume the clerk selects one of the available payment methods and types the required information. Yet, I would like to emphasise what is stated in the specifications document:
  "While developing the system prototype, these two issues (i.e.: shipment and payment) must be considered. Although, since both are not perceived as representing a risk to the project, the shipment cost computation, and the connections to external systems (e.g.: carriers and payment services) should be mock."
  > <br>[Link to forum](https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=15938#p20466)

* > **Q:** After placing the order will the system notify the customer? If so, how?
  <br><br>
  > **A:**
  > That is a good idea... the system might send a notification email to the customer. This functionality will be seen as an asset to distinguish the solutions presented by different development teams.
  > <br>[Link to forum](https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=15938#p20466)

* > **Q:** How do you want the clerk to select the products? By putting their id or selecting?
  <br><br>
  > **A:**
  > Both: by typing the product id when knowing it or by using searching/browsing the products catalog (US1002).
  > <br>[Link to forum](https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=15938#p20466)


* > **Q:** Should the shipment method price be managed later on by the company or it's a constant value that doesn't require future management?
  <br><br>
  > **A:**
  > Yes, the shipment price varies from one method to another. Thus, an option to manage such information will be required. But, such development is currently out of scope.
  > <br>[Link to forum](https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=15646#p20110)


* > **Q:** Should the system be able to add more payment methods later on or are those payments always automatically received and have no verification needed?
  <br><br>
  > **A:**
  > Yes. Multiple  payment methods can be added/supported. Currently, the team just need to be aware that is an extension point and prepare the system for that.
  > <br>[Link to forum](https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=15646#p20110)


* > **Q:** The development team wonders if the order volume and weight should be a calculated based on the products entered in it?
  <br><br>
  > **A:**
  > Yes. Regarding volume, for now, adopt a very basic algorithm to compute the approximate overall volume.
  > <br>[Link to forum](https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=15531#p19975)


* > **Q:** What should be the payment methods present on the program?
  <br><br>
  > **A:**
  > You may, for instance, present Paypal and Apple Pay.
  > <br>[Link to forum](https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=16013#p20569)


* > **Q:** Q: What are the parameters, i.e. what does a payment confirmation consist of?
  <br><br>
  > **A:**
  > It varies from one payment service to another. Generalising, consider it a text with 512 chars max.
  > <br>[Link to forum](https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=15579)


# 2. Analysis

*In this section the team should describe the study/analysis/comparison done with the meaning to take the best options
of design for the functionality as well as apply the suited diagrams/artifacts of analysis.*

*It is recommended to organize the content by subsections.*

# 3. Design

*In this section the team should describe the adopted design to satisfy the functionality. Among others, the team should
present the functionality development diagram(s), class diagram(s), identification of patterns applied and which were
the principal tests specified to validate the functionality.*

*Beyond the suggested sections, others can be included.*

## 3.1. Functionality development

*In this section should be presented and described the flow/sequence that allows to run the functionality.*

## 3.2. Class Diagram

*In this section should be presented and described the main classes involved in the functionality development.*

## 3.3. Applied patterns

*In this section show be presented and explained which were the design patterns applied and the best practices.*

## 3.4. Tests

*In this section should be systemized how the tests were developed to allow a correct way to scout the requirement
satisfaction.*

**Test 1:** Bla Bla Bla

	@Test(expected = IllegalArgumentException.class)
		public void ensureNullIsNotAllowed() {
		Exemplo instance = new Exemplo(null, null);
	}

# 4. Implementation

*In this section the team show provide, if necessary, some evidence that the implementation is in accordance with the
design developed. Beyond that, show be mentioned/described the existence of any other relevant file (e.g. configuration)
e highlight relevant commits.*

*It is recommended to organize this content in subsections.*

# 5. Integration/Demonstration

*In this section the team should describe the efforts made to integrate the developed functionality with the remaining
functionality of the system.*

# 6. Observations

*In this section is suggested to present a critic view about the pointed developed work, for example, other ways and/or
future works related.*