# US1003
=======================================

# 1. Requirements

####Description:
>As Sales Clerk, I want to register a new customer.

###Client Clarifications:

####Customer

* >**Q:** Some questions arose as to which format each information should be in, namely:
  >
  >**Name** - should we consider first name, last name or is there anything more worth capturing? Are there length restrictions?
  >
  >**VAT id**- which length should it have? Is it only digits or could there be letters?
  >
  >**Phone number**: which lenght/format?
  >
  >**Birthday** - in which format?
  >
  >**Address** - What kind of format are we expecting for these? Street name, door number, postal code, city, country is a valid format or are we missing anything?
  >
  >**A:**
  ><br> **Name:** at least a first and last name is required. Although, desirably the customer should specify his/her full name. Considering this, apply the min/max length you consider as reasonable to meet this requirement.
  ><br><br> **VAT ID:** varies from one country to another. Usually it has letters and numbers (cf. here). The system must be prepared to support/recognize several VAT Ids.
  ><br><br> **Phone number:** according to international standards (e.g.: +351 934 563 123).
  ><br><br> **Birthday:** it is a date... you can adopt year/month/day.
  ><br><br> **Address:** I think you said it all.
  > <br>[Link to forum](https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=15754#p20248)

* >**Q:** When creating a customer, should it be automatically associated with a login, that is, when entering its data, such as name, and so it is necessary to enter a username and a password?
  >
  >It says: "The registration is manually performed by a clerk. No account activation is required."
  > 
  > However then it also says this: "Create credential for a customer. At any time, clerks might request the system to generate access credentials to a given customer access the system. The generated credentials are sent by email to the customer and are never shown to the clerk."
  > 
  > Should these features be implemented together?
  <<br><br>
  > **A:** 1. The customer is registering him/herself in the system (cf. Use Case 3.1.4a). In this scenario, credentials are generated as soon as the account activation process is successfully completed.
  >
  > 2.A clerk is registering customers either manually or by importing files (cf. Use Case 3.1.4b and 3.1.4c respectively). In this scenario no account activation process is required and/or performed. Moreover, by default, no customer credentials are to be generated. If such credentials are needed, the clerk undergoes on another use case (cf. Use Case 3.1.5).
  > 
  >As you already figure it out, it is an excellent idea that at the end of use case 3.1.4b to ask the clerk if (s)he want to perform the use case 3.1.5.
  > <br>[Link to forum](https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=15749#p20255)
